about.markdown, before:

---
title: About Nourish
date: 2017-04-10 21:24:00 Z
position: 3
header_background_color: "#444a9c"
header_primary_link_color: "#a0dae9"
header_secondary_link_color: "#fff"
promise: "We get it—snack time can often be a true test of will power. That’s why
  we create nourishing snacks that deliver on fun and flavor. \n\nLed by our founder
  and nutritionist, Joy Bauer, we merge incredible taste with high quality, purposeful
  ingredients. For us, it’s all about striking a balance between sound nutrition and
  the deliciousness you deserve – something we like to call a nourishing indulgence."
say_hello: "JOY BAUER, MS, RDN is one of the nation’s leading health authorities,
  and founder and Chief Nutrition Officer of Nourish Snacks.  She brings to the table
  not only a passion for great flavor but also an extensive knowledge of health. As
  a result, Joy places the same emphasis on nutrient-rich ingredients as she does
  on super delicious taste...to create snacks that she likes to call a nourishing
  indulgence.\n\nIn addition to her 20+ year career as a Registered Dietitian and
  founder of Nourish Snacks, Joy is host of NBC's new show, Health + Happiness, the
  nutrition and health expert for the TODAY Show, a 12-time New York Times best-selling
  author, columnist for Woman’s Day Magazine, and creator of JoyBauer.com.\n\n“As
  a nutritionist, I know the power of the perfect diet. But as a mom and foodie, I
  know that we have cravings. It’s hard to give up the foods and flavors we love –
  I get it! That’s why I started Nourish Snacks to give us the best of both worlds
  – snacks made with nutrient-rich ingredients that taste super delicious.”  \n\n~JOY
  BAUER, MS, RDN  \nNourish Snacks Founder & Chief Nutrition Officer"
purposeful_ingredients: "Joy obsesses over quality and creates all our snack recipes
  using nutrient-rich ingredients, like whole grain sorghum, whole grain oats, quinoa,
  millet, and chia seeds.. \n\nWe strive to use clean ingredients that add nutritive
  benefit to your diet, and they’ve gotta be really yummy, too (check out our product
  pages where we explain why we chose each ingredient). Oh, and we’ll never add anything
  artificial, be it sweeteners, colors, or preservatives either."
nutrition_science: "IT’S NOT ROCKET SCIENCE... it’s nutrition science. There’s no
  denying it, we all snack. Or at least 94% of us do. ‘Cause there’s nothing like
  that moment a snack break delivers – that mini getaway that lets you clear your
  head and recharge. \n\nJoy’s 20+ year career as a Registered Dietitian has kept
  her laser-focused on basic nutrition science, and this same focus applies at Nourish
  Snacks, as well. Nourish is mindful when creating snacks, and levels of key nutritional
  values--like calories, sodium, and sugar--are always considered.\n"
faq_snacks:
- question: Does Joy really make these snacks?
  answer: Yup! From concept and recipe development to ingredient sourcing and production,
    there’s no question that Joy has earned her title as Nourish’s Chief Nutrition
    Officer.
- question: You talk about purposeful ingredients, what does that mean?
  answer: 'All of our snacks are made with purposeful ingredients, that is, ingredients
    that are nutrient-rich and add beneficial nourishment to your diet (think: whole
    grain sorghum, millet, hemp seeds, wild blueberries, bananas, apples). For specific
    information about our ingredients, check out our [Purposeful Ingredients](/about#beliefs)
    section.

'
- question: Do you have any snacks that contain no sugar?
  answer: YES! We're so thrilled to announce that our *NEW* Sea Salt Ancient Grain
    Crisps contain absolutely zero sugar, and our White Cheddar Ancient Grain Crisps
    have less than 1 gram of total sugar per serving.
- question: Do your snacks contain any of the common food allergens, i.e. soy, peanuts,
    tree nuts, wheat, egg or milk?
  answer: "ANCIENT GRAIN CRISPS  \nAll of our Ancient Grain Crisps, are made in a
    nut-free facility, so they're totally safe for anyone with nut allergies.\n\nOur
    <a href=\"/snacks/white-cheddar/\" target=\"_blank\">White Cheddar Ancient Grain
    Crisps</a> contain milk.\n\nGRANOLA BITES  \nAll of our chocolate granola bites
    <a href=\"/snacks/chocolate-peanut-butter/\" target=\"_blank\">Chocolate-Peanut
    Butter</a>, <a href=\"/snacks/chocolate-banana/\" target=\"_blank\">Chocolate-Banana</a>
    and  <a href=\"/snacks/double-chocolate/\" target=\"_blank\">Double Chocolate</a>
    contain soy from the emulsifier, soy lecithin. \n\nOur <a href=\"/snacks/chocolate-peanut-butter/\"
    target=\"_blank\">Chocolate-Peanut Butter Granola Bites</a> contain peanuts. Our
    \n<a href=\"/snacks/coconut-vanilla/\" target=\"_blank\">Coconut-Vanilla Granola
    Bites</a> contain coconut, a tree nut. Additionally, while our facility exercises
    best practices to prevent cross-contamination, all our snacks are produced on
    shared equipment, so they contain trace amounts of soy, peanuts, tree nuts, wheat,
    egg and milk."
- question: Do you use all-natural ingredients?
  answer: All our ingredients come from natural sources, but we’ve cut them up, mixed
    them together and cooked them. One thing we’ll say is, we’ll never add anything
    artificial to our snacks – no artificial sweeteners, no artificial colors, and
    no artificial preservatives.
- question: Do your snacks contain genetically modified organisms (GMOs)?
  answer: None of our products contain GMOs.
- question: Are your snacks gluten-free?
  answer: All the ingredients we use are naturally gluten-free, but our snacks are
    not Certified Gluten-Free.
- question: Are your snacks Kosher?
  answer: All of our snacks are Kosher Dairy and certified by the Orthodox Union (OU).
- question: What do you mean by the term “nutrition philosophy”?
  answer: 'Our nutrition philosophy is a set of nutrition guidelines that lie at the
    heart of our snack development. Over her extensive career as a Registered Dietitian,
    Joy has developed these guidelines that she applies to snacking, and has created
    all our snacks in keeping with the following criteria: they contain no more than
    200 calories per serving, no more than 200 mg of sodium per serving, and no more
    than 10g of total sugar per serving. And truly, all our current snacks fall well
    below these thresholds.'
faq_buying_snacks:
- question: Where can I buy Nourish
  answer: 'To find Nourish at a store near you, please use our [Snack Locator](/locator).
    Can’t find us near you?  Step 1: ask your grocery store manager to start carrying
    Nourish, Step 2: In the meantime, purchase Nourish online on <a href="https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/D64280CE-8C4B-40C2-B50D-0C58E5B72679"
    target="_blank">Amazon</a>.'
- question: I want to sell Nourish Snacks at my store. Do you offer your snacks for
    wholesale purchase?
  answer: Yes, we do! Please reach out to [sales@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:sales@nourishsnacks.com)
    for assistance with your wholesale order.
faq_partnerships:
- question: I love Nourish and am interested in featuring your snacks on my blog,
    website, Instagram or YouTube. Who should I contact?
  answer: We often collaborate with online influencers and love hearing your creative
    ideas. Email [partnerships@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:partnerships@nourishsnacks.com)
    with how you’d like to partner with Nourish Snacks.
- question: I’m interested in having your snacks donated to my event. How can I make
    a request?
  answer: We love donating snacks to charitable events whenever possible. Please email [info@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:info@nourishsnacks.com) with
    information about your event and the number of snacks you’re requesting. We’ll
    let you know if we’re able to accommodate the request!
general_questions_text: 'For general inquiries, new ideas, or if you just wanna say
  hi, please shoot us an email at: [Hello@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:Hello@nourishsnacks.com)
  or call: [844-466-8747](tel:1-844-466-8747)'
careers_text: 'We’re always on the lookout for new talent to join our team of snack
  evangelists. Reach us via email at : [iwannawork@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:iwannawork@nourishsnacks.com)'
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/embed/VbF3soKchbE?rel=0
has_video: true
layout: page-about
---

Commit message:

Updated White Cheddar and 16 other files

about.markdown, after:

---
title: About Nourish
date: 2017-04-10 21:24:00 Z
position: 3
header_background_color: "#444a9c"
header_primary_link_color: "#a0dae9"
header_secondary_link_color: "#fff"
promise: "We get it—snack time can often be a true test of will power. That’s why
  we create nourishing snacks that deliver on fun and flavor. \n\nLed by our founder
  and nutritionist, Joy Bauer, we merge incredible taste with high quality, purposeful
  ingredients. For us, it’s all about striking a balance between sound nutrition and
  the deliciousness you deserve – something we like to call a nourishing indulgence."
say_hello: "JOY BAUER, MS, RDN is one of the nation’s leading health authorities,
  and founder and Chief Nutrition Officer of Nourish Snacks.  She brings to the table
  not only a passion for great flavor but also an extensive knowledge of health. As
  a result, Joy places the same emphasis on nutrient-rich ingredients as she does
  on super delicious taste...to create snacks that she likes to call a nourishing
  indulgence.\n\nIn addition to her 20+ year career as a Registered Dietitian and
  founder of Nourish Snacks, Joy is the nutrition and health expert for NBC’s TODAY
  Show, a 12-time New York Times best-selling author, columnist for Woman’s Day Magazine,
  and creator of JoyBauer.com.\n\n“As a nutritionist, I know the power of the perfect
  diet. But as a mom and foodie, I know that we have cravings. It’s hard to give up
  the foods and flavors we love – I get it! That’s why I started Nourish Snacks to
  give us the best of both worlds – snacks made with nutrient-rich ingredients that
  taste super delicious.”  \n\n~JOY BAUER, MS, RDN  \nNourish Snacks Founder & Chief
  Nutrition Officer"
purposeful_ingredients: "Joy obsesses over quality and creates all our snack recipes
  using nutrient-rich ingredients, like whole grain oats, chia, apples, and bananas.
  \n\nWe strive to use clean ingredients that add nutritive benefit to your diet,
  and they’ve gotta be really yummy, too (check out our product pages where we explain
  why we chose each ingredient). Oh, and we’ll never add anything artificial, be it
  sweeteners, colors, or preservatives either."
nutrition_science: "IT’S NOT ROCKET SCIENCE... it’s nutrition science. There’s no
  denying it, we all snack. Or at least 94% of us do. ‘Cause there’s nothing like
  that moment a snack break delivers – that mini getaway that lets you clear your
  head and recharge. \n\nJoy’s 20+ year career as a Registered Dietitian has kept
  her laser-focused on basic nutrition science, and this same focus applies at Nourish
  Snacks, as well. Nourish is mindful when creating snacks, and levels of key nutritional
  values, like calories, sodium, and sugar, are always considered.\n"
faq_snacks:
- question: Does Joy really make these snacks?
  answer: Yup! From concept and recipe development to ingredient sourcing and production,
    there’s no question that Joy has earned her title as Nourish’s Chief Nutrition
    Officer.
- question: You talk about purposeful ingredients, what does that mean?
  answer: 'All of our snacks are made with purposeful ingredients, that is, ingredients
    that are nutrient-rich and add beneficial nourishment to your diet (think: whole
    grain oats, chia, blueberries, bananas, apples, peanut butter). For specific information
    about our ingredients, check out our [Purposeful Ingredients](/about#beliefs)
    section.

'
- question: Are you going to come out with more snacks?
  answer: Yes! Joy is working on developing new snacks that will come out very soon.
    She’s exploring options for savory snacks that contain different ingredient combinations
    than our current assortment. To stay in the know, sign up for our emails <a href="https://visitor.r20.constantcontact.com/manage/optin?v=001yJAGJ9gIPVoGtgfAj97rC3H9sAHnkvfwxX7zMWUWubWuaMnt9MRb3nU5DiQzODwKM6loxQi5r29dbk7-BUv1QAMySLruQjdJAbP3MdUDBrI%3D"
    target="_blank">here</a>.
- question: Do you have any snacks that contain no sugar?
  answer: Unfortunately, not at this time. But Joy is working on developing new savory
    snacks that contain no sugar, so stay tuned! To get the latest on Nourish, sign
    up for our emails <a href="https://visitor.r20.constantcontact.com/manage/optin?v=001yJAGJ9gIPVoGtgfAj97rC3H9sAHnkvfwxX7zMWUWubWuaMnt9MRb3nU5DiQzODwKM6loxQi5r29dbk7-BUv1QAMySLruQjdJAbP3MdUDBrI%3D"
    target="_blank">here</a>
- question: Do your snacks contain any of the common food allergens, i.e. soy, peanuts,
    tree nuts, wheat, egg or milk?
  answer: "All of our chocolate granola bites <a href=\"/snacks/chocolate-peanut-butter/\"
    target=\"_blank\">Chocolate-Peanut Butter</a>, <a href=\"/snacks/chocolate-banana/\"
    target=\"_blank\">Chocolate-Banana</a> and  <a href=\"/snacks/double-chocolate/\"
    target=\"_blank\">Double Chocolate</a> contain soy. \n\nOur <a href=\"/snacks/chocolate-peanut-butter/\"
    target=\"_blank\">Chocolate-Peanut Butter Granola Bites</a> contain peanuts. Our
    \n<a href=\"/snacks/coconut-vanilla/\" target=\"_blank\">Coconut-Vanilla Granola
    Bites</a> contain coconut, a tree nut. Additionally, while our facility exercises
    best practices to prevent cross-contamination, all our snacks are produced on
    shared equipment, so they contain trace amounts of soy, peanuts, tree nuts, wheat,
    egg and milk."
- question: Do you use all-natural ingredients?
  answer: All our ingredients come from natural sources, but we’ve cut them up, mixed
    them together and cooked them. One thing we’ll say is, we’ll never add anything
    artificial to our snacks – no artificial sweeteners, no artificial colors, and
    no artificial preservatives.
- question: Do your snacks contain genetically modified organisms (GMOs)?
  answer: None of our products contain GMOs.
- question: Are your snacks gluten-free?
  answer: All the ingredients we use are naturally gluten-free, but our snacks are
    not Certified Gluten-Free.
- question: Are your snacks Kosher?
  answer: All of our snacks are Kosher Dairy and certified by the Orthodox Union (OU).
- question: What do you mean by the term “nutrition philosophy”?
  answer: 'Our nutrition philosophy is a set of nutrition guidelines that lie at the
    heart of our snack development. Over her extensive career as a Registered Dietitian,
    Joy has developed these guidelines that she applies to snacking, and has created
    all our snacks in keeping with the following criteria: they contain no more than
    200 calories per serving, no more than 200 mg of sodium per serving, and no more
    than 10g of total sugar per serving. And truly, all our current snacks fall well
    below these thresholds.'
faq_buying_snacks:
- question: Where can I buy Nourish
  answer: 'To find Nourish at a store near you, please use our [Snack Locator](/locator).
    Can’t find us near you?  Step 1: ask your grocery store manager to start carrying
    Nourish, Step 2: In the meantime, purchase Nourish online on <a href="https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/D64280CE-8C4B-40C2-B50D-0C58E5B72679"
    target="_blank">Amazon</a>.'
- question: I want to sell Nourish Snacks at my store. Do you offer your snacks for
    wholesale purchase?
  answer: Yes, we do! Please reach out to [sales@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:sales@nourishsnacks.com)
    for assistance with your wholesale order.
faq_partnerships:
- question: I love Nourish and am interested in featuring your snacks on my blog,
    website, Instagram or YouTube. Who should I contact?
  answer: We often collaborate with online influencers and love hearing your creative
    ideas. Email [partnerships@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:partnerships@nourishsnacks.com)
    with how you’d like to partner with Nourish Snacks.
- question: I’m interested in having your snacks donated to my event. How can I make
    a request?
  answer: We love donating snacks to charitable events whenever possible. Please email [info@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:info@nourishsnacks.com) with
    information about your event and the number of snacks you’re requesting. We’ll
    let you know if we’re able to accommodate the request!
general_questions_text: 'For general inquiries, new ideas, or if you just wanna say
  hi, please shoot us an email at: [Hello@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:Hello@nourishsnacks.com)
  or call: [844-466-8747](tel:1-844-466-8747)'
careers_text: 'We’re always on the lookout for new talent to join our team of snack
  evangelists. Reach us via email at : [iwannawork@nourishsnacks.com](mailto:iwannawork@nourishsnacks.com)'
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/embed/VbF3soKchbE?rel=0
has_video: true
layout: page-about
---
